BE SURE TO LOOK AT THE MAPPING! 

PURPOSE: 

The purpose of this project/tool is to hopefully provide a less mundane typing method/system that is more intuitive 
and similar to typing on a keyboard, or a phone than the common laser pointer system. It would be cool if this tool became useful in the eyes of VR users as a preference, but if not then at least I took 
a crack at the problem, if some of you will call it that. 




KNOWN BUGS: 

There are a few, as this is it's Alpha stage, and it's a Proof Of Concept: 

1) While selecting a letter on the Left Controller, sometimes when you release the thumbstick it will select another letter
   and I don't know if its just my controller or not. 

2) Also on the Left Controller, it will sometimes tweak out and print a bunch of letters when selecting a new letter. 

3) You can't switch from Special Characters to Numbers when Special Characters is On but you can when vice versa. 
   It is to do with the if statement ordering as Special Character is checked first, and then Numbers. If you switch the 
   ordering around in code the opposite effect will happen. I don't know how to fix this right now. 



FUTURE FEATURES, MAYBE: 

If I continue to work on it, testing my novice programming skills, or others take it on, then here are some needed 
future features: 

1) A character lightup indicator, used for a visualization que of what character on the wheel you have selected. 
   I want to do this, and I might because it won't take long, but for now I just wanted to get this tool out there. 

2) An "Are you sure you want to Cancel?" indicator when the character count is past a certain threshold, like 10 characters. 

3) Maybe a Cusrsor? 

4) Some way to bring the tool in and out of the situation/scene.  

5) This one is a big technical. The selection can kind of be bad at times where I say around 65% of the time you can select
   the character you want. So in the current system, the moment your thumbstick isn't centered, you're selecting a character.
   So, the new method would need your thumbstick halfway to the full reach of the thumbstick is when you start to select 
   a character. Once the thumbstick starts going towards its center, a weight is added so it will become harder to select 
   another letter, unless you go back at the full reach of the thumbstick. 
								OR
   You press your thumbstick down as a button once you hover above a certain character. Although, it sometimes will be hard, and
   ultimatly will be less intutive for a new user, BUT it is like you're pressing on a keyboard. This hypothesis needs more testing. 